added cpp solution to usaco-717 (#2859)
cpinitiative/usaco-guide: solutions/usaco-717.mdx

	for (int i = 0; i < n; i++){
		for (int j = 0; j < n; j++){
			fin >> field[i][j];
		}
	}

	// 2d integer grid initialized with max values for distance 
	vector<vector<int>> dist(n, vector<int>(n, INT_MAX));
	// 2d boolean grid initialized with false for tracking visits
	vector<vector<bool>> visited(n, vector<bool>(n));
	// {distance, {row, col}}
	priority_queue<pair<int, pii>> dijkstra;
	dijkstra.push(make_pair(0, make_pair(0,0)));
	dist[0][0] = 0;
	while (!dijkstra.empty()){
		int x, y;
		tie(x, y) = dijkstra.top().ss;
		dijkstra.pop();
		
		// check if this coordinate has already been visited
		if (visited[x][y]){
			continue;
		}
		visited[x][y] = true;
		for (int i = 0; i < 16; i++){
			int newx = x + dx[i], newy = y + dy[i];
			// checking if this new location is out of bound
			if (newx < 0 || newx >= n || newy < 0 || newy >= n){
				continue;
			}
			// updating the shortest distance to this new location
			if (dist[newx][newy] > dist[x][y] + 3 * t + field[newx][newy]){
				dist[newx][newy] = dist[x][y] + 3 * t + field[newx][newy];
				dijkstra.push(make_pair(-dist[newx][newy], 
							  make_pair(newx,newy)));
			}
		}
		int manhattan = n - x - 1 + n - y - 1;

> 		if (manhattan < 3){

Reviewer: ```suggestion
		if (manhattan < 3) {
```
space out braces like this in the rest of the code as well

			dist[n - 1][n - 1] = min(dist[n - 1][n - 1], 
									 dist[x][y] + manhattan * t);
		}
	}

	fout << dist[n - 1][n - 1];

> 
> 	return 0;

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

id: usaco-717
source: USACO Gold 2017 December
title: Why Did the Cow Cross the Road
author: Qi Wang, Jeffrey Zhang
---

[Official Analysis](http://www.usaco.org/current/data/sol_visitfj_gold_feb17.html)

## Implementation

<LanguageSection>
<CPPSection>
```cpp
#include <bits/stdc++.h>
using namespace std;
typedef long long ll;
typedef pair<int,int> pii;

> //Possible directions a cow can go to eat grass

Reviewer: ```suggestion
// Possible directions a cow can go to eat grass
```

int Dx[] = {1, 0, -1, 0, 3, 0, -3, 0, 2, 2, 1, 1, -1, -1, -2, -2};
int Dy[] = {0, 1, 0, -1, 0, 3, 0, -3, 1, -1, 2, -2, 2, -2, 1, -1};

int main() {
    ifstream fin("visitfj.in");
    ofstream fout("visitfj.out");

    int n, t;
    fin >> n >> t;
    vector<vector<int>> field(n, vector<int>(n));
    for (int i = 0; i < n; i++){
        for (int j = 0; j < n; j++){
            fin >> field[i][j];
        }
    }

    /* 
     * There are 16 possible tiles a cow can reach in 3 moves
     * Form edges between those tiles and with assigned weight:
     * (the time it takes to eat the tile) + 3 * t
     * If the tile is less than 3 manhattan distance to farmer John's tile,
     * form an edge between those two tiles also.

>      * The problem is now simple dijkstra

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     * The problem can now be solved with Dijkstra's
```

     */
    vector<vector<int>> dist(n, vector<int>(n, INT_MAX));
    vector<vector<bool>> visited(n, vector<bool>(n));
    dist[0][0] = 0;
    priority_queue<pair<int, pii>> dijkstra;
    dijkstra.push(make_pair(0, make_pair(0,0)));
    while (dijkstra.size()){
        int x, y;
        tie(x, y) = dijkstra.top().ss;
        dijkstra.pop();
        if (visited[x][y]){
			continue;
		}
        visited[x][y] = true;
        for (int i = 0; i < 16; i++){
            int dx = x + Dx[i], dy = y + Dy[i];

>             if (dx < 0 || dx >= n || dy < 0 || dy >= n) continue;

Reviewer: braces

id: usaco-717
source: USACO Gold 2017 December
title: Why Did the Cow Cross the Road
author: Qi Wang, Jeffrey Zhang
---

[Official Analysis](http://www.usaco.org/current/data/sol_visitfj_gold_feb17.html)

## Implementation

<LanguageSection>
<CPPSection>

```cpp
#include <bits/stdc++.h>
using namespace std;
typedef long long ll;
typedef pair<int,int> pii;

//Possible directions a cow can go to eat grass
int Dx[] = {1, 0, -1, 0, 3, 0, -3, 0, 2, 2, 1, 1, -1, -1, -2, -2};
int Dy[] = {0, 1, 0, -1, 0, 3, 0, -3, 1, -1, 2, -2, 2, -2, 1, -1};

int main() {
    ifstream fin("visitfj.in");
    ofstream fout("visitfj.out");

    int n, t;
    fin >> n >> t;
    vector<vector<int>> field(n, vector<int>(n));
    for (int i = 0; i < n; i++){
        for (int j = 0; j < n; j++){
            fin >> field[i][j];
        }
    }

>     /* 

Reviewer 2: instead of having this huge comment maybe put it outside the code?

     * There are 16 possible tiles a cow can reach in 3 moves
     * Form edges between those tiles and with assigned weight:
     * (the time it takes to eat the tile) + 3 * t
     * If the tile is less than 3 manhattan distance to farmer John's tile,
     * form an edge between those two tiles also.
     * The problem is now simple dijkstra
     */
    vector<vector<int>> dist(n, vector<int>(n, INT_MAX));
    vector<vector<bool>> visited(n, vector<bool>(n));
    dist[0][0] = 0;

>     priority_queue<pair<int, pii>> dijkstra;

Reviewer 2: also optional: instead of a pair macro with nested pairs just use `array<int,3>`
Also you should clarify that the pair goes from `{distance, {row, col}}`

    dijkstra.push(make_pair(0, make_pair(0,0)));

>     while (dijkstra.size()){

Reviewer 2: optional: `!dijkstra.empty()` it the common way to do this and would probably be more intuitive for readers, but its up to you

        int x, y;

>         tie(x, y) = dijkstra.top().ss;

Reviewer 2: you dont have `.ss` as a macro here

        dijkstra.pop();
        if (visited[x][y]){
			continue;
		}
        visited[x][y] = true;
        for (int i = 0; i < 16; i++){

>             int dx = x + Dx[i], dy = y + Dy[i];

Reviewer 2: just something minor:
`dx` typically stands for delta x, which means change in x. However `dx` in this case is the actual new x. I would recommend using something like `newx` here and decapitalize the array variable because it can get confusing

Author: Ok good idea, I will address that

id: usaco-717
source: USACO Gold 2017 December
title: Why Did the Cow Cross the Road
author: Qi Wang, Jeffrey Zhang
---

[Official Analysis](http://www.usaco.org/current/data/sol_visitfj_gold_feb17.html)

## Solution

> Instead of treating this problem with grids, let us consider from a more graphical perspective with nodes and edges.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Instead of treating this as a grid problem, let us try to approach it as a graph problem with nodes and edges.```

> We first observe that because Bessie only feasts on grass tiles every 3 moves and the time to travel between adjacent tiles is a constant $T$. The two intermediary tiles Bessie used to travel does not actually matter. So we want to form a direct edge between each tile that are exactly 3 manhattan distances apart, with an weight of 

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
We first observe that the two intermediary tiles Bessie used to travel do not actually matter because Bessie only feasts on grass tiles every 3 moves and the time to travel between adjacent tiles is a constant $T$. So we want to form a direct edge between each tile that is exactly 3 manhattan distances apart, with a weight of 
```

$\{\text{The time to feast the target grass tile}\} + 3 * T$

> However, if the tile Bessie just feasted on is less than 3 manhattan distances away from Farmer John's tile, then it would be more desirable for Bessie to travel to Farmer John directly than take another 3-distanced tile. So let us too form a direct edge between those two tiles with an weight of 

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
However, if the tile Bessie just feasted on is less than 3 units (using manhattan distance) away from Farmer John's tile, then it would be more desirable for Bessie to travel to Farmer John directly than take another 3-distanced tile. So, we also form a direct edge between those two tiles with a weight of 
```

$\{\text{The manhattan distance}\} * T$

## Implementation

<LanguageSection>
<CPPSection>

```cpp
#include <bits/stdc++.h>
using namespace std;
typedef long long ll;
typedef pair<int,int> pii;
#define ff first
#define ss second

// Possible directions a cow can go to eat grass

> int Dx[] = {1, 0, -1, 0, 3, 0, -3, 0, 2, 2, 1, 1, -1, -1, -2, -2};

Reviewer 2: decapitalize

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
int dx[] = {1, 0, -1, 0, 3, 0, -3, 0, 2, 2, 1, 1, -1, -1, -2, -2};
```

> int Dy[] = {0, 1, 0, -1, 0, 3, 0, -3, 1, -1, 2, -2, 2, -2, 1, -1};

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
int dy[] = {0, 1, 0, -1, 0, 3, 0, -3, 1, -1, 2, -2, 2, -2, 1, -1};
```

int main() {
	ifstream fin("visitfj.in");
	ofstream fout("visitfj.out");

	int n, t;
	fin >> n >> t;
	vector<vector<int>> field(n, vector<int>(n));
	for (int i = 0; i < n; i++){
		for (int j = 0; j < n; j++){
			fin >> field[i][j];
		}
	}

	vector<vector<int>> dist(n, vector<int>(n, INT_MAX));
	vector<vector<bool>> visited(n, vector<bool>(n));
	dist[0][0] = 0;
	priority_queue<pair<int, pii>> dijkstra; // {distance, {row, col}}

> 	dijkstra.push(make_pair(0, make_pair(0,0)));

Reviewer 3: Add comments for this.

	while (!dijkstra.empty()){
		int x, y;
		tie(x, y) = dijkstra.top().ss;
		dijkstra.pop();

> 		if (visited[x][y]){

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
		
		// check if this coordinate has already been visited
		if (visited[x][y]){
```

			continue;
		}
		visited[x][y] = true;
		for (int i = 0; i < 16; i++){

> 			int newx = x + Dx[i], newy = y + Dy[i];

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
			int newx = x + dx[i], newy = y + dy[i];
```

			if (newx < 0 || newx >= n || newy < 0 || newy >= n){
				continue;
			}
			if (dist[newx][newy] > dist[x][y] + 3 * t + field[newx][newy]){
				dist[newx][newy] = dist[x][y] + 3 * t + field[newx][newy];
				dijkstra.push(make_pair(-dist[newx][newy], 
							  make_pair(newx,newy)));

> 			}

Reviewer 3: Add Comments for this

id: usaco-717
source: USACO Gold 2017 December
title: Why Did the Cow Cross the Road
author: Qi Wang, Jeffrey Zhang
---

[Official Analysis](http://www.usaco.org/current/data/sol_visitfj_gold_feb17.html)

## Solution

> Instead of treating this as a grid problem, let us try to approach it as a graph problem with nodes and edges.```

Reviewer 4: what's with the 3 backticks at the end?

We first observe that the two intermediary tiles Bessie used to travel do not actually matter because Bessie only feasts on grass tiles every 3 moves and the time to travel between adjacent tiles is a constant $T$. So we want to form a direct edge between each tile that is exactly 3 manhattan distances apart, with a weight of 

$\{\text{The time to feast the target grass tile}\} + 3 * T$

However, if the tile Bessie just feasted on is less than 3 units (using manhattan distance) away from Farmer John's tile, then it would be more desirable for Bessie to travel to Farmer John directly than take another 3-distanced tile. So, we also form a direct edge between those two tiles with a weight of 

$\{\text{The manhattan distance}\} * T$

## Implementation

<LanguageSection>
<CPPSection>

```cpp
#include <bits/stdc++.h>
using namespace std;
typedef long long ll;
typedef pair<int, int> pii;

> #define ff first
> #define ss second

Reviewer 4: remove unused macros
```suggestion
```

// Possible directions a cow can go to eat grass
int dx[] = {1, 0, -1, 0, 3, 0, -3, 0, 2, 2, 1, 1, -1, -1, -2, -2};
int dy[] = {0, 1, 0, -1, 0, 3, 0, -3, 1, -1, 2, -2, 2, -2, 1, -1};

int main() {
	ifstream fin("visitfj.in");

> 	ofstream fout("visitfj.out");

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
```

	vector<vector<int>> dist(n, vector<int>(n, INT_MAX));
	// 2d boolean grid initialized with false for tracking visits
	vector<vector<bool>> visited(n, vector<bool>(n));
	// {distance, {row, col}}
	priority_queue<pair<int, pii>> dijkstra;
	dijkstra.push(make_pair(0, make_pair(0, 0)));
	dist[0][0] = 0;
	while (!dijkstra.empty()) {
		int x, y;
		tie(x, y) = dijkstra.top().ss;
		dijkstra.pop();
		
		// check if this coordinate has already been visited
		if (visited[x][y]) {
			continue;
		}
		visited[x][y] = true;
		for (int i = 0; i < 16; i++) {
			int newx = x + dx[i], newy = y + dy[i];
			// checking if this new location is out of bound
			if (newx < 0 || newx >= n || newy < 0 || newy >= n) {
				continue;
			}
			// updating the shortest distance to this new location
			if (dist[newx][newy] > dist[x][y] + 3 * t + field[newx][newy]) {
				dist[newx][newy] = dist[x][y] + 3 * t + field[newx][newy];
				dijkstra.push(make_pair(-dist[newx][newy], 
					make_pair(newx,newy)));
			}
		}
		int manhattan = n - x - 1 + n - y - 1;
		if (manhattan < 3) {
			dist[n - 1][n - 1] = min(dist[n - 1][n - 1], 
									 dist[x][y] + manhattan * t);
		}
	}

> 	fout << dist[n - 1][n - 1];

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
	ofstream("visitfj.out") << dist[n - 1][n - 1] << endl;
```
